README.md, before:

# Logan Travis

### Full-Stack Developer  
![Golang](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-FF3E00?logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)

### Check out my [Portfolio Site](https://www.ltravis.ca/)

---


# 🧪 Featured Projects

### [📂 Vanquished Gaming Shop](https://shop.vanquished.gg)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sveltekit-FF3E00?logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A freelance project where I created a digital shop for a large gaming community.  

### [📂 Gazprea Compiler](https://cmput415.github.io/415-docs/gazprea/)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white) ![ANTLR4](https://img.shields.io/badge/ANTLR4-FF5733?logo=antlr&logoColor=white) ![LLVM](https://img.shields.io/badge/MLIR%2FLLVM-262A36?logo=llvm&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: Built a compiler for the following language specification: https://cmput415.github.io/415-docs/gazprea/  
- This was the largest and most fun project I have ever done. I estimate I spent about 300 hours writing this codebase.
- We completed this in a team of 4, competing against other teams for test coverage, performance, and memory safety.
- Our codebase was over 30k lines long by the end.

### [📂 ScanPal](https://github.com/CMPUT301W24T30/ScanPal)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?logo=java&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?logo=firebase&logoColor=black) ![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-3DDC84?logo=androidstudio&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: Event management app developed in a team of 6 for a school project.

### [📂 Prize Bot V1](https://prize-bot-website-logan-personal-projects.vercel.app/)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white) ![DiscordGo](https://img.shields.io/badge/DiscordGo-5865F2?logo=discord&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A discord bot that handles daily auctions and prize claiming systems, as well as giveaways and other events.
- Used by 1200+ discord servers with a combined total of almost 400k members.

### 📂 Prize Bot V2
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white) ![DiscordGo](https://img.shields.io/badge/DiscordGo-5865F2?logo=discord&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A complete ground up refactor of the Prize Bot, fixing code structure and migrating infrastructure from AWS to railway.

### [📂 Roommates App](https://github.com/Logan9312/Hacked-2024)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: Simple React Native app with a Go backend, created for a hackathon project developed for roomates to organize household jobs.

### [📂 Travis Drilling](https://www.travisdrilling.ca/)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)  ![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/SvelteKit-FF3E00?logo=svelte&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A simple landing page for the Travis Drilling business to help with advertising and SEO.
- Originally built in React but migrated to Sveltekit for easier iteration of future content.


# 🌟 Contributions

### 📂 Ark Guardian
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Disnake](https://img.shields.io/badge/Disnake-7289DA?logo=discord&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A discord bot parsing log files and managing players for the game Ark Survival Evolved. I assisted in refactoring large parts of the codebase and improving the logging efficiency by over 10x, as well as fixing memory leaks.

### [📂 Schedubuddy](https://github.com/aarctan/schedubuddy-web)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=black)  
**Description**: I added a system to export schedules generated by schedubuddy to allow sharing with friends.


---


# 👥 Contact Me

- **Portfolio**: [https://ltravis.ca](https://ltravis.ca)
- **LinkedIn**: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/logantravis/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/logantravis/)
- **Email**: [contact@ltravis.ca](mailto:contact@ltravis.ca)

Commit message:

Update README to remove contributions and contact info

README.md, after:

# Logan Travis

### Full-Stack Developer  

### Check out my [Portfolio Site](https://www.ltravis.ca/)

---


# 🧪 Featured Projects

### [📂 ServerSearch](https://serversearch.xyz)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A website for advertising and finding servers to play on for gaming communities. 

### [📂 Vanquished Gaming Shop](https://shop.vanquished.gg)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sveltekit-FF3E00?logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A freelance project where I created a digital shop for a large gaming community.  

### [📂 Gazprea Compiler](https://cmput415.github.io/415-docs/gazprea/)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white) ![ANTLR4](https://img.shields.io/badge/ANTLR4-FF5733?logo=antlr&logoColor=white) ![LLVM](https://img.shields.io/badge/MLIR%2FLLVM-262A36?logo=llvm&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: Built a compiler for the following language specification: https://cmput415.github.io/415-docs/gazprea/  
- This was the largest and most fun project I have ever done. I estimate I spent about 300 hours writing this codebase.
- We completed this in a team of 4, competing against other teams for test coverage, performance, and memory safety.
- Our codebase was over 30k lines long by the end.

### [📂 ScanPal](https://github.com/CMPUT301W24T30/ScanPal)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?logo=java&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?logo=firebase&logoColor=black) ![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-3DDC84?logo=androidstudio&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: Event management app developed in a team of 6 for a school project.

### [📂 Prize Bot V1](https://prize-bot-website-logan-personal-projects.vercel.app/)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white) ![DiscordGo](https://img.shields.io/badge/DiscordGo-5865F2?logo=discord&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A discord bot that handles daily auctions and prize claiming systems, as well as giveaways and other events.
- Used by 1200+ discord servers with a combined total of almost 400k members.

### 📂 Prize Bot V2
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white) ![DiscordGo](https://img.shields.io/badge/DiscordGo-5865F2?logo=discord&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A complete ground up refactor of the Prize Bot, fixing code structure and migrating infrastructure from AWS to railway.

### [📂 Roommates App](https://github.com/Logan9312/Hacked-2024)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: Simple React Native app with a Go backend, created for a hackathon project developed for roomates to organize household jobs.

### [📂 Travis Drilling](https://www.travisdrilling.ca/)
![Tech Stack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)  ![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/SvelteKit-FF3E00?logo=svelte&logoColor=white)  
**Description**: A simple landing page for the Travis Drilling business to help with advertising and SEO.
- Originally built in React but migrated to Sveltekit for easier iteration of future content.
